Russia threw Ukraine a terrible horror
and age took about politics as you have
we had a Russian premiere
the movie because axes motorcycle pants temki on
hair alaev movie theaters and our anya
Talitskaya she horror bras poker word
It was on the example of the oncoming Russian
oleg capital without politics and there is no
cost one of the monsters to the movie
for giving on the decline manov you knew one
even slave politics paragraphs and moscow
for traveling power fool gull fell
also for the politician I'm at the loud premiere in
Moscow pictures all declared as a film
horror but filmed based on the classic
lead Gogol now know how
the film is different from the original flying
on the chain of the coffin with a dead pannochka on board
this is practically the only thing that does not
have warped the writers by their version
the jar was not a witch at all, but simply
overweight girl
and killed her not for the appearance of honor
sexual points are oriented more
on such a young viewer
but what is oriented
because they can go to five times
cinema buy a ticket and bring kosovo
only because of the main evil
It turned out not evil and Orthodox
a priest
terrorizing parishioners will not turn over
Do now and classic his own
bolide
google can probably roll over but
end up with melancholy priorities others
this picture has priorities
not that gogol remained in place
Do you understand the priority that came
people in the hall drive away the thought of rotational
Gogol's movements
such and such a picture looked moments
of course it was a scary moment
necessarily scary when you are unlikely
whether the picture could not be to remove as many as eight
years so special effects and a bit
not first freshness good ukrainian
Cossack mutated in the sea product
demonic flying dumplings
do depict the very same
Vladimir Vladimirovich
this is what people scare the people of Russia
want this terrible tolerate
to handle maybe
against the problems that arise today
on jokes in the direction of the Soviet heroine
film versions seeing Natalya Varley
almost killed herself on shooting having fallen out
the coffin
and soon the client all-Union popularity
went on weight was there any
prejudice acting in such a terrible
the film the film was shot quite a long time 8
years old
the long road that we went of course
different things happened during
8 years left, life unfortunately went
scrofula
vacuum pretty critical
is the actor Yakovlev who
performs and find out
what kind of coffee
chekalin here but nevertheless all the same
children were born at the same time and yet
leading roles will be born
spouse alexey chad and agnie
Ditkovskite turned out to be waiting for the firstborn
and Russian filmmakers have to look for
new effective ways to scare
your viewer how to create this
horror on the set on
upload archive yes just unexpected
teeth